dshot.md: make it clear that command ID refers to output pin number (#3312)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/peripherals/dshot.md

The most important ones are:

> - Make the motor connected to the first output pin beep (helps with identifying motors):

Reviewer: FMI This is FMU pin 1 as numbered by the manufacturer right? Not "motor 1" as per the actuator mapping?

If so we might perhaps say that "connected to FMU PWM output pin 1" ?

Reviewer 2: > pin 1 as numbered by the manufacturer right? Not "motor 1" as per the actuator mapping?

Yes

> FMU PWM output pin 1

Is that the case for every board? 🤔 But maybe I'm thinking too far and you're right.

Reviewer: Hmmm, well it has to be FMU, but the port doesn't have to be labelled that - but we mention the mapping back up the page. Further, as it is written now you might interpret it as "the first connected output pin from the right" (say) - I know it is a stretch.

I think if we have "first" we are definitely assuming that you have connected to pin 1 first. Of course you would, but it is ambiguous.

```suggestion
- Make a motor connected to to FMU PWM output pin 1 beep (helps with identifying motors):
```

Author: It could be a bit confusing talking about PWM pins when it's in this case here actually used for DSHOT, but I'm not strongly opinionated, we just should do the pin naming consistently.

Author: ```suggestion
- Make a motor connected to to FMU output pin 1 beep (helps with identifying motors)
```

  INFO  [dshot] LED 3: unsupported
  ```

>   - Permanently reverse the spin direction of motor connected to the first output pin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Permanently reverse the spin direction of a motor connected to FMU output pin 1:
```
